feat: add `blas/base/dzasum` (#4697)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/base/dzasum/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2026 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# dzasum

> > Compute the sum of the absolute values of the real and imaginary components of a double-precision complex floating-point vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compute the sum of the absolute values of the real and imaginary components of a double-precision complex floating-point strided array.
```

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dzasum = require( '@stdlib/blas/base/dzasum' );
```

#### dzasum( N, x, strideX )

> Computes the sum of the absolute values of the real and imaginary components of a double-precision complex floating-point vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the sum of the absolute values of the real and imaginary components of a double-precision complex floating-point strided array.
```

```javascript
var Complex128Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex128' );

var x = new Complex128Array( [ 0.3, 0.1, 0.5, 0.0, 0.0, 0.5, 0.0, 0.2 ] );

var out = dzasum( 4, x, 1 );
// returns ~1.6
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **N**: number of indexed elements.
-   **x**: input [`Complex128Array`][@stdlib/array/complex128].

> -   **strideX**: index increment for `x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **strideX**: stride length.
```

The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in the strided array are accessed at runtime. For example, to traverse every other value,

```javascript
var Complex128Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex128' );

var x = new Complex128Array( [ -2.0, 1.0, 3.0, -5.0, 4.0, 0.0, -1.0, -3.0 ] );

var out = dzasum( 2, x, 2 );
// returns 7.0
```

Note that indexing is relative to the first index. To introduce an offset, use [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views.

```javascript
var Complex128Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex128' );

// Initial array:
var x0 = new Complex128Array( [ 1.0, -2.0, 3.0, -4.0, 5.0, -6.0 ] );

// Create an offset view:
var x1 = new Complex128Array( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element

// Compute the sum of absolute values:
var out = dzasum( 2, x1, 1 );
// returns 18.0
```

#### dzasum.ndarray( N, x, strideX, offsetX )

> Computes the sum of the absolute values of the real and imaginary components of a double-precision complex floating-point vector using alternative indexing semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the sum of the absolute values of the real and imaginary components of a double-precision complex floating-point strided array using alternative indexing semantics.
```

```javascript
var Complex128Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex128' );

var x = new Complex128Array( [ 0.3, 0.1, 0.5, 0.0, 0.0, 0.5, 0.0, 0.2 ] );

var out = dzasum.ndarray( 4, x, 1, 0 );
// returns ~1.6
```

The function has the following additional parameters:

-   **offsetX**: starting index.

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to start from the second index,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to start from the second element
```
